Add dos and monitoring docs (#160)
libp2p/docs: content/reference/monitoring.md

---
title: "Monitoring and Observability"
weight: 3
---

> Monitoring your libp2p process lets make sure that in practice things are going

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Monitoring your libp2p process makes sure that in practice things are going
```

as you expect. Each libp2p implementation does monitoring in a slightly
different way, so consult the links below to see how your implementation does
it.

Rust libp2p:

Look at the [libp2p-metrics crate](https://github.com/libp2p/rust-libp2p/tree/master/misc/metrics).

Go libp2p:

For resource usage take a look at the OpenCensus metrics exposed by the resource
manager

> [here](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/libp2p/go-libp2p-resource-manager@v0.5.2/obs).

Reviewer 2: Is there a way to link to @latest somehow?

Author: Generally a preference for a link that will always work, but not a strong opinion here. I'll change it to point to latest.

> In general Go libp2p wants to add more metrics across the stack in the future,
> this work is being tracked in issue

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In general Go libp2p wants to add more metrics across the stack. 
This is being tracked in 
```

---
title: "Monitoring and Observability"
weight: 4
---

> Reference the [Monitoring your application](todo) section in [DOS

Author: Link this
